about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

My name is Afnan Enayet. I study Computer Science at Dartmouth College and may
minor in Philosophy. I used to go to the College of William and Mary, then I
transferred to Dartmouth.
I'm on the Dartmouth Cycling Team, I play guitar, and I enjoy programming.

## Resume

Download my resume [here]({{ site.url }}/assets/documents/resume.pdf)

## Experience

### Professional

- Intern at Capital One doing machine learning work with Payments API team
- Intern for Blend Labs on the infrastructure team
- Research for the Department of Defense for a conceptual virtual reality
  simulation of the [Battle of 73rd Easting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_73_Easting) with
  [Dr. Joseph M. Rosen](https://engineering.dartmouth.edu/people/faculty/joseph-rose)
- Intern at Microsoft on the Windows core quality team
- Researched using nanomagnets to replace transistors at Virginia Commonwealth
  University Nuclear and Mechanical Engineering Department with Professor Jayasimha
  Atulasimha

### Academic

#### Works

- [Replacing transistors with nanomagnets for computation (2015)]({{ site.url }}/assets/documents/replacing_transistors_nanomagnets.pdf)

#### Relevant coursework

- Discrete Math
- Algorithms
- Mobile Programming (Android app dev)
- Software Development and Implementation (learned C, shell scripting)
- Machine Learning
- Rendering Algorithms

## Contact

You can reach me at [me@afnan.io](mailto:me@afnan.io)

## PGP Key

This is the public PGP key associated with `afnan.enayet@gmail.com`

You can also access it at [afnan.io/assets/publickey.asc]({{ site.url }}/assets/publickey.asc)

```txt
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=PKQY
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

Commit message:

Update about page, format other static pages
* update about page with Flickr link
* use prettier to format other pages

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

My name is Afnan Enayet. I study Computer Science at Dartmouth College.
I used to go to the College of William and Mary, then I transferred to
Dartmouth.

I'm on the Dartmouth Cycling Team, I play guitar, and I love taking pictures.
Check out my pictures [on Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/150451945@N05/)!

## Resume

Download my résumé [here]({{ site.url }}/assets/documents/resume.pdf)

## Experience

### Professional

- Intern at Capital One doing machine learning work with Payments API team
- Intern for Blend Labs on the infrastructure team
- Research for the Department of Defense for a conceptual virtual reality
  simulation of the [Battle of 73rd Easting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_73_Easting) with
  [Dr. Joseph M. Rosen](https://engineering.dartmouth.edu/people/faculty/joseph-rose)
- Intern at Microsoft on the Windows core quality team
- Researched using nanomagnets to replace transistors at Virginia Commonwealth
  University Nuclear and Mechanical Engineering Department with Professor Jayasimha
  Atulasimha

### Academic

#### Works

- [Replacing transistors with nanomagnets for computation (2015)]({{ site.url }}/assets/documents/replacing_transistors_nanomagnets.pdf)

#### Relevant coursework

- Discrete Math
- Algorithms
- Mobile Programming (Android app dev)
- Software Development and Implementation (learned C, shell scripting)
- Machine Learning
- Rendering Algorithms

## Contact

You can reach me at [me@afnan.io](mailto:me@afnan.io)

## PGP Key

This is my public PGP key.

You can also access it directly at: [afnan.io/assets/publickey.asc]({{ site.url }}/assets/publickey.asc)

```txt
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
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=PKQY
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```
